Updated doc with generate authless and loadWithAuthlessId / updateForbidProfiling (#143)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_ssr/main-features/recipe-catalog.md

- A "Favorites" button which redirects to the **favorites page** 
- A "Preferences" button that opens the Preferences drawer, enabling users to set **global preferences** for recipes based on include and exclude tags (e.g., gluten-free, vegan, or exclude specific ingredients). These preferences are automatically managed and applied across all Mealz-related features, excluding favorites, for a tailored experience without additional configuration.

Each pages also displays a floating button showing the number of recipes currently added to the user's cart.

On a click on this button, the **"My meals" drawers** appears:
![Basket preview](https://storage.googleapis.com/assets.miam.tech/kmm_documentation/web/examples/basketPreview.png "My meals")

> Clicking the trash icons next of the recipes in the drawer will remove said recipes from the cart, which will remove all products from the cart as if they were removed individually from the recipe details drawer. Clicking "See products" on a recipe will open the recipe details drawer, as if the corresponding recipe-card was clicked.

Author: ```suggestion
Clicking the trash icon next to a recipe in the drawer will remove that recipe from the cart, along with all its associated products. This action is equivalent to removing each product individually from the recipe details drawer. Clicking "See products" on a recipe will open the recipe details drawer, just as if the corresponding recipe card was clicked.
```
